feat(docs) prefix info in migration docs (#130)
scania-digital-design-system/tegel: core/src/stories/Migration/Migration.stories.mdx

or not it is a custom event. We have now settled on a naming convention for all events.
Both **external**, events we expect you as a user to interact with, and **internal**, events that are used within
our components to update state/react to changes. 

## Prefix change
Furthermore we decided to rename the previously used 'sdds'-prefix to 'tds'. 
This occurred as a result of a deliberate choice to facilitate the transition to the new Tegel package and prevent conflicts with previously used components.

In short, before the prefix change:

- Web component names are named with 'sdds-' + component name. ('sdds-badge')
- External events are named: 'sdds' + native event name. ('sddsClick', 'sddsChange')
- Internal events are named: 'internalsdds' + event name. ('internalsddsTablePropsChange', 'internalsddsCheckboxChange')

Now, after prefix change:

- Web component names are named with 'tds-' + component name ('tds-badge')
- External events are named: 'tds' + native event name. ('tdsClick', 'tdsChange')
- Internal events are named: 'internaltds' + event name. ('internaltdsTablePropsChange', 'internaltdsCheckboxChange')

> 

Reviewer: I know it's not part of this PR. But do you want to update the link below that has a TODOLINKTOCODE href.

Author: Sure I can fix it! Although, think I will close this PR and open a new one. Too many merge clonflicts. @mJarsater

Reviewer: Sure thing!

Author: Btw, where do we wanna link to? Here https://github.com/scania-digital-design-system/tegel/blob/main/.github/CODE_STYLE.md

Reviewer: Yeah that makes sense. May the sentence should be tweked a bit.  Read more about or naming conventions in our code convetions or something?

Author: Sounds good! Ill figure something out.

components where some events has had a `custom` prefix, and others have had other ways of indicating whether
or not it is a custom event. We have now settled on a naming convention for all events.
Both **external**, events we expect you as a user to interact with, and **internal**, events that are used within
our components to update state/react to changes. 

## Prefix change
Furthermore we decided to rename the previously used 'sdds'-prefix to 'tds'. 
This occurred as a result of a deliberate choice to facilitate the transition to the new Tegel package and prevent conflicts with previously used components.

In short, before the prefix change:

> - External events are named: 'sdds' + native event name. ('sddsClick', 'sddsChange')
> - Internal events are named: 'internalsdds' + event name. ('internalsddsTablePropsChange', 'internalsddsCheckboxChange')
> - Web-component names are named with sdds- + component name. ('SddsBadge')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- External events are named: 'sdds' + native event name. ('sddsClick', 'sddsChange')
- Internal events are named: 'internalsdds' + event name. ('internalsddsTablePropsChange', 'internalsddsCheckboxChange')
- Web component names are named with sdds- + component name. ('SddsBadge')
```

Now, after prefix change:

- External events are named: 'tds' + native event name. ('tdsClick', 'tdsChange')
- Internal events are named: 'internaltds' + event name. ('internaltdsTablePropsChange', 'internaltdsCheckboxChange')

> - Web-component names are named with tds- + component name ('TdsBadge')

Reviewer: This needs to be 'tds-badge'

> - Web-component names are named with tds- + component name ('TdsBadge')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Web component names are named with tds- + component name ('TdsBadge')
```

components where some events has had a `custom` prefix, and others have had other ways of indicating whether
or not it is a custom event. We have now settled on a naming convention for all events.
Both **external**, events we expect you as a user to interact with, and **internal**, events that are used within
our components to update state/react to changes. 

> ## Prefix change

Reviewer: Nice! Could we add the same sort of examples but for component names?

Author: How do you mean?

Author: Or maybe you mean what Alex mentioned below?

Furthermore we decided to rename the previously used 'sdds'-prefix to 'tds'. 
This occurred as a result of a deliberate choice to facilitate the transition to the new Tegel package and prevent conflicts with previously used components.

> In short, before the prefix change:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, before the prefix change:
```
I think this works better, because this is just a few examples, not a short description of all the changes.

- External events are named: 'sdds' + native event name. ('sddsClick', 'sddsChange')

> - Internal events are named: 'internalsdds' + event name. ('internalsddsTablePropsChange', 'internalsddsCheckboxChange')

Author: How do you mean a "item"?

> - Internal events are named: 'internalsdds' + event name. ('internalsddsTablePropsChange', 'internalsddsCheckboxChange')

Reviewer 2: an item in the list, like
- Web-component names are named with sdds- + component name (...)

### Updated `<sdds-inline-tabs>` and `<sdds-navigation-tabs>` and introduced `<sdds-folder-tabs>`. Introduced child components for all Tabs.

Previously we had the `<sdds-inline-tabs>` and `<sdds-inline-tabs-fullbleed>`. These had little resemblance to each other in appearance, thus it was more logical to consider them as completely distinct components. 

> In order to establish a clear differentiation between them, we have recently renamed the `<ssd-inline-tabs>` as `<sdds-folder-tabs>` to better emphasize both its visual appearance and its functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to establish a clear differentiation between them, we have recently renamed the `<ssd-inline-tabs>` as `<sdds-folder-tabs>` to better reflect its visual appearance.
```
I think the use of "folder" in the name has no connection to the functionality so I'd leave that out.

Author: Also, your comment highlighted the fact that it was misspelled also, <ssd-inline-tabs> is not correct :).
